good evening guys dogmatic coughs how
are we doing and I've got a video today
on man City and the tactics that have
been using Man City this week
and I found them pretty useful at times
they do have the floors not as
consistent as Chelsea easier than
Chelsea to break down and you see here I
use a custom 4-3-3
I don't use the default four five one
because it's a little bit flat doesn't
give you enough opportunity or enough
chance creation so I go with my own four
three three and what I'm gonna do now
I'm going to show you words to choose
that so that's the one I choose okay
which is the first of four three three
and you can see the changes I've made to
it okay so pretty much throw up most
people back so there's the default 433
and there's my 433 so in order to bring
the place but you just simply need to
press square every one of them have
simply brought back a few centimeters if
you want to talk centimeters on screen
but they've got a great array of talent
some great world-class players obviously
silver and agüero are probably the best
plays but then again fernandinho and
tour especially tolerate you not
midfield the whole are absolutely
brilliant sublime Nazeri out on the left
you can played out of the rail right or
left it really doesn't matter where you
put him right Oh laughter even Center
it's at mid like Chelsea they have some
very acute midfielders who can play all
over the place so you'll see here I'm
going to show you which players can be
but because Manchester City's bench
should I say it's fantastic as well so
I'm going to show you which place can be
replaced and who by okay that's my
starting lineup obviously it depends on
how you play my style of play is
how should I say I'm a bit of a purist
so I liked possible around the light to
keep possession so I'm definitely going
to go with two very defensive midfield
players in that role okay I bring them
back
the to midfield players I bring back it
so that I can put them in a sense a
defense role that 4-3-3 formation has
them by default as sense amid left
centimeter right so intimate so be aware
of that if you like me need to play with
defensive midfielders make sure you
bring them back into that sense of
defence mid-roll now what I do here it's
a press triangle on each player and it
shows you their ideal replacement now
the one part is an absolute dream
pretty much every game where I've been
drawing or it's been you know say three
to two my opponent in the 90th minute
Lampard at some stage in the last ten
minutes is come on and scored or set up
a goal a goal his assist ratio is just
phenomenal for me anyway I just think
he's such a fantastic signing for
setting especially with touring in real
life going off to the Africa Cup of
Nations Milner I'd bring me on there on
to replace Nazeri at some stage because
Nazeri stamina isn't great Milner is a
workhorse but he's also skillful so I'd
bring Milner on at some stage to a place
now as weak I would also replace
fernandinho
with Milner depending on how well
nurseries play different matter he's
playing well I won't replace him I'll
replace fernandinho because both of them
fernandinho and now Surrey qetsiyah and
Daniel gets died because he works his
socks off now so he gets tired because
he's a bit lazy cliche at left-back or
Sagna it's completely up to you Clichy
easing form at the moment so I find that
Cleese he has got a little bit of ax
just something I don't play d Michaela
sent about he's truly awful his pace is
acceleration lets him down and check out
manga
jumping stance 90 90 jumping starts the
guy or clear any ball that comes into
your box make sure you've got any
defense guys you really is a predator in
the a fantastic player so I think what
you'll do is you'll get the gist as I
say this isn't this isn't a concrete
squad guys
it will change on a week to week basis
just make sure that you play with the
plays that you like playing with why
don't I start Lampard if he's not good
well to be quite frank and to be quite
quite honest he hasn't got the pace I
need for the counter-attack especially
early on my game has the same a purist I
like to pass the ball around I will pass
the ball around earlier on and then I'll
get the goal I get counter-attack early
on and then I'll sit back not sit back
and families but sit back and play the
real game while keeping possession SS or
caller of it's completely up to you if
you're gonna play an attacking attacking
game down the wing just hit Colorado
Colorado on he can cross a ball far
baton and zabaleta camp he's got an
early cross trait as well power
free-kick a long shot taker so
definitely worth having any team it's
completely up to you now as for roles
again it does vary from play to play a
but I think your fan this is pretty
standard company is capped him and free
kicks and corners obviously silver in
Nazeri now I'll leave the custom
instructions as completely default don't
change anything in terms of instructions
but tactics you'll see the difference
between mine and custom tactics okay so
make a note I also do is change pressure
so that the team doesn't push you out
the field too early on okay so if you
miss any of that by all means go back
have a quick look over it pause it make
a note like I say the only thing I
change in terms of tactics is the
pressure I don't like them pushing too
high up
to earlier and you see here late in the
game Frank Lampard playing center attack
made waiting for the right time to pass
to agüero he does so agüero gives it
back and Frank finishes it off what a
sign in he has proved to be especially
in real life what is it 7 goals in 17
appearances 6 assists he's won three
games and all that much his goals at the
end of the game has got them 7 points at
the very least and today against Everton
they drew so they dropped two more
points in the race with Chelsea here you
see a great bit of skill for Mangala
else who are two spins in round and out
of trouble
and here even what not to do when you're
kicking the ball from hockey but guys
come on what is wrong with you at this
stadium FIFA division 1 division 2 you
should not be passing the ball out like
that surely oh my god rocky error but as
I've said goals aren't that easy to come
by in terms well in terms of
counter-attack I think city of fantastic
you'll see here Guerra on the move as
slick as you like what can I say guys
dogmatic helps thanks for watching
thanks for your support don't forget to
Like and subscribe follow on Twitter at
dog ematic helps and I'll see you all
very very soon
you